+++
title = "Accepting Failing"
date = "2019-01-26T01:36:03+02:00"
tags = []
featured_image = ""
description = "Accepting Failing"
draft = false
+++

It has been a while since I wrote here. 
In fact, I remembered that I had my own Hugo page after I read Dave Kerr's story about [migrating to Hugo](https://dwmkerr.com/migrating-from-ghost-to-hugo/).
He has done a great job at detailing out his methods.
After finishing the post, I checked if I can still generate the blog with the latest Hugo version and it worked.

It is great that it is still working in the world that things are progressing so fast. 
Not only that, the simplicity is still there. 
So, I decided to start to write (yay!) to talk about this. 
But, it will take a couple of posts to explain it. 
If doesn't, I will come back here to hide my shame.
<!-- But what also amazed me is the simplicity of this setup.  -->

Like I did before, this blog writing willingness could also fade out slowly and I quit. 
I can't promise that. 
But I promise that I will write freely by accepting that one can't learn without failing!

Actually, about failing, I realized that I didn't really understand the "failing is OK" concept when I talked about it in [my first post]({{< ref "1. hello world.md" >}}).
I was thinking that one still need to strictly avoid failing.
But if one fails, it is still OK.
Yet, I  didn't realize that one needs to take a leap of faith on trying something new.
Nothing really bad happens anyway after failure.
It just becomes a learning experience for oneself.
It took me two years to get to this point, though.

To understand this concept better, I approached to the problem in an experimental mindset.
First, I started to be more brave to fail in my safe areas. 
And I observed if it really helps.
This kind of control environment showed that it is working and it gave me more courage to try it other areas.

Moreover, I came to the point of realization that I can also talk about my half baked ideas.
Even though it is quite scary to open up half baked ideas, I thought it will be a learning experience for others as well as it becomes a learning experience for me if I start to share them.
Of course, I am just hoping that my ideas are not intellectually shallow.
But I stopped caring about this also by letting go of the fear of failing.
<!-- And, if I document these, it will be a learning experience for others as well as it becomes mine. -->

To sum up, I have the intention to revive this dusty blog and start to write my thoughts even though they will mostly lead to nothing. If I don't stick with this intention, it will be another ~~failure~~ learning experience.

Btw, I moved the blog to netlify to get rid of my local build setup. 
So, the Github page will not work for a while. 
I will check how to use Github Actions to deploy.
But, until then, I will be at [https://osaatcioglu.netlify.com](https://osaatcioglu.netlify.com)
See you there!
<!-- I will look at Github Actions to find out if I can deploy at github pages.  -->
