+++  
title = "Coding by Writing"  
date = "2020-02-17T01:36:03+02:00"  
tags = []  
featured_image = ""  
description = "Coding by Writing"  
draft = false  
+++  

As I said in [my previous post]({{< ref "4. Accepting Failure.md" >}}), I will start to write my aspirational thinking sparked by Hugo. 
Well, Hugo is just one side of it. 
Netlify's simplicity has also a role in this play. 

Our ultimate goal is to make ourselves redundant by automating everything. 
And, recently, I realized the true meaning of this statement. 
All these automation might, one day, lead to creating any solution or application using one's mother language. 
Imagine a world like this where new ideas are executed with almost zero cost.
That will bring a tremendous level of new ideas that come to life as failing will be much cheaper.

Think about that I will be able to write a program as I am describing the solution to you.
I know it sounds ridiculous.
But I have some proof points that this might be the very likely next evolutionary step for software development.
Let me describe the problem space first, though. 
In the end, understanding the requirement is the first and the most important phase of software development. 

> As a lazy application developer, I want to be able to create any type of application by just using a programming language that is English with Markdown syntax. 
> So that, the code written for that programming language will be also the solution document of the application.

As a sane reader, I say you are crazy. 
That would be the first response. 
But I assure you my supporting ground will sound crazier. 

To be able to make programming easier, we are trying to make it a more visualized task. 
Because, in a way, it makes sense. 
We are thinking that if we could visualize the building blocks of programming, it will be much easier. 
It will be like another engineering job that we would do visual stuff.
Yet, I am thinking that application development is closer to writing instead of engineering.

This is why even though we are using a tool that has been created by the engineers, we are still writing. 
We are just using a language that requires more knowledge of the underlying technics.
Even though a simple explanation takes a longer time to describe the system compared to our native language, writing is still the best medium that the thinkers can outline their knowledge.

More importantly, everyone knows that we are just in the early version of this new technology to spread ideas.
Yet, I am not sure if all of us would agree that we are not only spreading ideas but we are also executing the ideas on behalf of our users. 
So, the users could use less brainpower to apply to the acquired idea or knowledge.
For example, instead of writing about tax declaration by showing step by step the instructions, we are writing to apply the instructions also so that they wouldn't need to spare CPU time from their brain on that skill transfer.

> Application developers are executing the ideas on behalf of their users so that the users doesn't need to spare extensive CPU time from their brain on the skill transfer. 

I was amazed when I realized this. 
Technology is an incredible enabler on increasing humanity's brainpower. 
This is why I believe that we should democratize software development.
So, we let the thinkers spread their ideas with their applications.

I hope you enjoyed my thoughts spilling out. 
I will take this theme in my next couple of posts and I may even do a stupid PoC on that. 
Yet as a lazy application developer, I may procrastinate.