+++  
title = "I am not alone"  
date = "2020-03-08T03:18:03+03:00"  
tags = []  
featured_image = ""  
description = "I am not alone"  
slug = "I-am-not-alone"  
draft = false  
+++  

I have just read [this article](https://phys.org/news/2020-03-math-person-code.html) which confirms that I am not alone on thinking that coding does not require math skills. 
This doesn't directly imply that it is closer to writing though. 
However, this first paragraph says that

> That's because writing code also involves learning a second language, an ability to learn that language's vocabulary and grammar, and how they work together to communicate ideas and intentions. Other cognitive functions tied to both areas, such as problem solving and the use of working memory, also play key roles.

Abilities to learn a new language, the use of working memory and problem-solving have been a better indicator of the ability to learn coding.
These are also a good indicator to be a good writer. 
This is why I am thinking I got a confirmation that I might be on the right track. 

There is more in the last paragraph.

> "This is the first study to link both the neural and cognitive predictors of natural language aptitude to individual differences in learning programming languages. We were able to explain over 70% of the variability in how quickly different people learn to program in Python, and only a small fraction of that amount was related to numeracy,"

This is exactly what I was trying to tell by saying that we should enable the thinkers to outline their knowledge by using a natural language. 
As I said before, I think this will make us smarter than today with the help of the outburst of applications. 

> The article I mentioned was published two weeks after [my blog post]({{< ref "5. Coding by Writing.md" >}}). 

This gave me the courage to test my idea even further. 
To be honest, I looked a bit at the PoC.
However, I could only fork the Hugo repo and build it on my local machine so far due to my workload these days. 
The work itself is interesting though.
It is a CEO level digital transformation project. 
Yet, since my last post, I am spending my weekends to recover a bit from crazy long work hours. 

Anyway, I hope to come up with my PoC when I have some free time. 
I am sensing that these findings will worth the try.
